BurgerMania

We love burgers and want to share this passion with our customers. 

Check out our menu.

We'll deal with your hunger!

Exellent quality beef
Super fresh ingredients
Self made sauces
That is what makes us special!

Bestsellers of the mounth:

BBQ Burger
with pickles, roasted onions, cheese, mayonnaise, beef bacon and beef patty

Egg and Salami Burger
with ketchup, salad, tomato, pickles, salami, fried egg and beef patty

Double Classic Burger 
with ketchup, mayonnaise, pickles, cheese and two beef patty

Roasted Veggies Burger
with roasted tomatoes, onion curry, pickles, cheese and beef patty


Reviews:
1 - Best burger ever!
Very tasty burgers made to order; cooked to medium pink inside; real beef! 
Hand cut fries are a great accompaniment. 
I recommend the BurgerMania! Will be eating there again soon!

2 - Great burger, better then I expected
Went there when the place we were planning on going was closed, 
loved the burger and the sweet potato fries, definitely will go there again

3 - A Good Choice for Burgers and Fries
BurgerMania is a good choice for a lunch or evening burger. They offer a nice list of options. 
They also offer a long list of beers on draft. Comfortable atmosphere and good service.

4 - Yummm!
Delicious burgers and fries! Loved the different topping choices. 
The staff were all very friendly and the service was fast. 
Definitely recommend!

Hamburger
with ketchup, mayonnaise, pickles, red onions and beef patty.

Cheeseburger
with ketchup, mayonnaise, pickles, onions, red cheese and beef patty

Hawaii Burger
with ketchup, mayonnaise, pickles, red onions, pineapple, cheese and beef patty

Egg Burger
with ketchup, mayonnaise, pickles, red onions, fried egg and beef patty

Chegg Burger
with ketchup, mayonnaise, pickles, red onions, cheese, fried egg and beef patty

BBQ Burger
with pickles, roasted onions, beef bacon and beef patty

Guaca Nacho Burger
with guacamole, nachos, tomatoes, 150g beef and pickles

Onion Ring Burger
with burger sauce, onion rings, pickles, cheese and beef patty

Hellenic Burger
with beef patty, red onions, tomatoes, pickles and tzatziki

Pops Special Burger
with ketchup, mayonnaise, pickles, red onions, cheese, pineapple, fried egg and beef patty

Hot Bacon Burger (spicy)
with salsa, red onions, pickles, jalapenos, beef bacon and beef patty

Chili Burger (spicy)
with ketchup, mayonnaise, pickles, red onions, jalapenos and beef patty

Pop Fit Burger
with dressing, red onions, pickles, light cheese and fried egg but without bun



“Tasty, delicious, and has me craving more on the first bite.” 
to “Juicy, mouthwatering, tasty, and everything you’d ever want to savor.”

There are many kinds of crave worthy foods. From foods that are sweet and salty to savory, 
there is one crave-able item that sure gets consumers talking.

National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, a contractor to the Beef Checkoff, 
recently conducted research on consumer preferences for burgers when dining out. 
Consumers’ own words highlight just how enticing burgers are for them.

Many consumers enjoy a beef burger whenever they get a chance, 
and many of us have our go-to places for one. 
However, the results show that quick-service establishments 
aren’t the only places consumers go for a burger. 
In fact, many also choose casual or even fine-dining establishments to enjoy a burger. 

"Juicy, big, loaded with toppings of my choice."

"High quality beef medium to well with cheese and bacon on a multigrain bun."

"A huge single or triple burger with all the fixings, cheese, lettuce, 
tomato, onions and special sauce or mayonnaise!"